# RFC 2119
## Status of this Memo
This document specifies an Internet Best Current Practices for the Internet Community, and 

requests discussion and suggestions for improvements.  

Distribution of this memo is **unlimited**.

## Word definition
1. `MUST`, `REQUIRED` and `SHALL`:
> Both mean that the definition of something is an absolute requirement of the specification.
2. `MUST NOT` and `SHALL NOT`: 
> Both mean that the definition of something is an absolute prohibition of the specification.
3. `SHOULD` and `RECOMMENDED`:
> Both mean that there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances to ignore a particular item,
> but the full implications must be understood and carefully weighed before choosing a different course.
4. `SHOULD NOT` and `NOT RECOMMENDED`:
> Both mean that there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances when the particular behavior is acceptable or even useful,
> but the full implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed before implementing any behavior described with this label.
5. `MAY` and `OPTIONAL`:
> Both mean that an item is truly optional.

## Guidance in the use of these Imperatives
Imperatives of the type defined in this memo must be used with care and sparingly.  

In particular, they MUST only be used where it is actually required for interoperation or to limit behavior which 

has potential for causing harm (e.g., limiting retransmisssions). 

For example, they must not be used to try to impose a particular method on implementors where 

the method is not required for interoperability.
